README.md, before:

## Included in this folder:

- `README.md`: This explanation file you're currently reading
- `main.py`: The script used to run an instance of the game
- `data.json`: All the data about the story to feed to `main.py`
- `storyboard.pdf`: A tentative storyboard for the plot. Reading this before reading the plot notes below should be better.

## Important notes:

- The storyboard has very little details. Quite a lot of details are currently in my head, and some details I haven't thought of them yet. But the actual game will fill in all those details.
- This storyboard is very much a prototype, and is just an initial idea that can be changed by a lot. I did try to make it as good as possible of an initial draft though, so I could end up directly using this as well.
- I deviated quite a bit from my original plans for the plot since I couldn't come up with a good one for the original idea. This means that "information" and "inequality" are not as well repressented in my project anymore. "Narrative" still is, though.
- And I couldn't come up with one because I suck at creative writing, since I never read books or watch movies. Expect my imagination and fiction writing to be very, very, bad.
- The most important thing in this game will not be the plot, but the variety of plots. Narrative ties in because I want to see the different actions resulting in vastly different narratives, which each tell different truths and gives the player different information. I wanted to make it so the same central plot can be revealed in vastly different ways, emphasizing the importance of selective information and variability of narrative.
- Some connections (like 3->5->9) don't have choices; I should probably add choices somehow.
- I could change this game from a python console game to an online host, if it's easy enough.

## Plot notes:

- The suspect is a prominent figure in a hacktivist group that noticed the government (CIA)'s plan to create a surveillance AI that act like a virus to spread across all electronic devices. He also knows that the AIs are never accurate at determining bad people vs good people. He tries to tell this to the protagonist to get the protagonist to help them stop this crazy plan. One important thing to note is that in ending 1 where the government succeeds, the AI seems successful to everyone, but the protagonist doesn't know that the government faked lots of evidence to cover up for arresting and/or killing innocent people (which is problematic). This is only revealed in a different storyline (probably by that hacker). Information is powerful. Knowing something vs not knowing something can be very different.
- The USB stick contains another AI virus coded by the hackers that can manifest itself on CIA's computers to fight against the development and deployment of the everything-surveillance AI.
- Maybe I should combine some endings or plot stages to save complexity?
- Or maybe I should add some more plot to some lines.
- I don't know, please give me comments.

Commit message:

Updated README.md for final draft

README.md, after:

# AI & Humanity (Fall 2018) Individual Futuring Project

A text-based choose-your-own-adventure game about narrative, information, and surveillance in an AI age.

## Navigating this repository

In the root folder:
- `README.md`: This explanation file you're currently reading
- `draft_storyboard.pdf`: A tentative storyboard for the plot used for drafting stage; the final product significantly differs from it.
- `src`: The folder that contains the code and data to run a basic version of this project

In the `src` folder:
- `main.py`: The script used to run an instance of the game
- `data.json`: All the data about the story to feed to `main.py`
- `visualize.py`: A script for visualizing the storyline based on data.json. This was mainly for development purposes. It requires the package `graphviz` installed.
- `Digraph.gv.svg`: Output from `visualize.py`. The node labels don't make much sense, as they were intended for developer use.

## Playing the game

If you have python3 installed on your computer, then you navigate to the `src` folder in terminal and then run `main.py` by typing `python3 main.py` and pressing enter. From the root directory this looks like:
```sh
$ cd src
$ python3 main.py
```

Otherwise you can also play this game via the browser at <http://www.andrew.cmu.edu/user/bw1/projects/16161F18/>. This link is subject to change after year 2018, but the changes will always be reflected here.
